# 2016 DevOps Days Minneapolis
 
## How to submit a proposal:  

Send an email to <proposals-minneapolis-2016@devopsdays.org> with the 
following information:

 1. Proposal title
 2. Description (including the actionable takeaway for attendees) - this will 
    be posted on the website
 3. Bio (a short summary of your background)
 4. Anything else you'd like the organizers to know
 5. Whether you live in the local area or work for a locally-based org (this 
    works in your favor, in that we want to promote local voices)
 6. Whether you need assistance with travel costs including hotel, flight, and 
    parking (this does not affect our decision-making one way or the other)
 7. Multiple proposals welcome; just follow the other guidelines

### Title

The magic of application modeling

### Description

Modern software is changing and becoming more distributed (think OpenStack or
Kubernetes), the operations tools need to keep up. We need logical models to
understand how the software is interconnected. When companies make the decision
to "build or buy" software, they almost always do the operations in house.
Great operations knowledge is scarce, and often closely tied to the
environment where it was created, which makes it hard to share. We need tools
that allow us to share the operations knowledge as easily as we share open
source software. Application modeling allows you to create a logical model of
your solution and deploy the same model to the other public clouds or bare
metal! 

### Speaker Bio

Matt is a hacker, software engineer and Linux enthusiast. He works for
Canonical, the company that brings you Ubuntu.  His day job is working on
the Juju Ecosystem team. When not at work, you can find Matt at the local
makerspace creating or destroying things.

### Anything else you would like the organizers to know

I attended 2015 DevOpsDays Minneapolis and the 2016 DevOpsDays LA (at
SCaLE 14x). I have been to several talks from Andrew Shafer and Bridget
Kromhout so I know the speaker level of this conference (and it scares me a
little bit).

### Location

I am physically located in Rochester, Minnesota and work for Canonical Ltd. I
am active within the Rochester Linux User Group <http://k-lug.org>. I attend
both the Docker and DevOps meetup groups in Minneapolis (despite the long
distance between cities), and I'm active in the Python meetup group in
Rochester, Minnesota.

### Travel Assistance

No flight needed for me since I am "local". I live about 85 miles from
downtown Minneapolis and would be happy to drive my own vehicle to the
conference. I would need parking at the hotel and a room for the conference
days.

